how's it going guys 808 here and today
we're gonna be doing a little different
my printer that I use for invoicing my
customers decided you going run out of
ink to be specific my yellow ink now
some of you may be familiar with this
cartridge but this is what is known as
an LC 61 and if you look very carefully
this says here that this is a starter
cartridge this is not refillable ink
only flows in one direction when trying
to be green this starter cartridge will
not help you so it's going to check that
one make sure you have yourself a
full-fledged cartridge it doesn't say
starter on this bank and what you're
gonna want to do is you know want to
have some things make sure you're in a
area where it's okay to get messy
because this ink will stain materials
permanent and others not so permanent on
your own skin just come off with a hot
shower but what I got here is a vise I
got a vise and the background I got a
skill I got some ink it's a generic but
it's of a higher quality generic napkin
just to keep things nice and clean okay
got myself a little flathead small guy
so what you're gonna want to do is just
for example we're just gonna take this
starter cartridge but if you look up at
the top of the cartridge with the
spring-loaded clip you'll see wood
between the cartridge and the clip
there's a small little gap over here you
take your flat-head gonna wedge it in
there I'm just back out for you you know
wedge it in there I'm gonna feel like
give be careful now this is a
spring-loaded clip so there are Springs
in there so remove it slowly
and the springs will fall ready for you
if you're not careful you may even lose
them because they're kind of small but
there you go
the springs they are being held down by
I don't think it's a pig they sit on a
pig on each side so let's set that aside
I'm going to do it to my full-fledged
cartridge once again insert it into the
top cartridge standing upright start it
into the top until you feel it give
between the clip and the cartridge
wiggle it off be careful
set your clip aside and this is what
you're left with you have your your I
guess you could say it's a it's an air
purge you've got to be careful I'm gonna
income me but this is a for any excess
air that's already in the cartridge
there's a little spring-loaded peg here
and down here this is your ink nozzle
this is where ink flows out and that's
where we're also going to be refilling
so now what you're gonna do I'm gonna
just up close before I actually do this
you want to take your flat-head and with
this spring-loaded peg up at the top
with the vent
you know want to press it in see as you
can see it's already starting to vent
whatever there might be some ink trapped
in the the line of the air vent but
you're gonna want to press that that
spring-loaded peg in until you feel it
click I'm gonna go ahead and insert it
into my vise and what you want to what
you're gonna want to do is you wanna
make sure that your cartridge is not
flat straight but tilted to the ceiling
the ink nozzle tilted to the ceiling
just a little I'm gonna make sure
whatever excess ink is in there does not
get
pushed through the vent the air vent and
we're gonna do it here again pressing
that spring-loaded peg and Ted clicks
there we go it's gonna be a little
aggressive click now take your napkin
and just surround the the flathead with
it
you take your ink you're gonna want to
get about 6 mils of ink
and we're gonna insert the syringe into
the ink nozzle at the bottom insert it
all the way in and tilt it left or right
whatever just tilted at this point the
syringe should be easy to press the ink
and go slowly otherwise you will push
ink up through the event and the air
vent it should be very easy I'm applying
very little pressure alright and once
that's done take your syringe set that
aside and be careful here because the
peg is spring-loaded you want to just
keep it keep the flathead in a napkin
and pull the syringe out or sorry pull
the flathead out and there you go clean
up the ink nozzle then I'm moving from
your syringe and take your clip take
your clip and put your springs back on
it and then with your cartridge with
your cart your cartridge upright and
your clip upright you and I want to have
the the skinny protrusion at the bottom
and the larger protrusion up at the top
taking your cartridge standing upright
you're gonna want to guide the springs
into their their pockets in the
cartridge
and either pressing on the bottom or up
at the top or both it's gonna click on
the top and bottom it's a place and
you're back in business
your cartridge has been refilled and it
is ready for reinstallation well you can
then use your scale make sure it's at
the appropriate weight if you acquired
yourself a I guess an ink specific chart
but yeah that's about it
as always rate comment subscribe and
thanks for watching